Mrs. Mu really doesn't cry when she doesn't see the coffin?
Mrs. Mo, take your time
You need a lot of evidence.
Ah!
Oh, how dare you today
Ash
It seems that the matter between me and you was discovered by Lu Jingshen
What should I do if he wants to divorce me now?
What does this have to do with me?
You son of a bitch
I'm carrying your seed in my belly
It was also when you swore to me
I was pregnant.
It happened to be born as a child born in Lujing
In this way, you can inherit the property of the Lu family
Bitch, don't talk shit
I never said that.
You seduced me
It has nothing to do with me.
Hello, son.
For the sake of seeing my dad save you back then
Please forgive me this time.
I will never dare again
I really wish your dad didn't have a son like you
Somebody send him to South Africa for me
Never come back
Yes
What do I care? I don't want anyone